hey what's up Internet and today's video
is going to be just a very simple Hall
on like fun spring stuff that I've just
kind of gotten in the last few weeks
it's fun it's the beginning of spring
and I think it ties in with like fashion
and hair and makeup and all of that
stuff and it's kind of like these new
fun fresh colors we've been like for
like the last six months you know like
fall and winter colors and everything's
kind of more dull and drab and the
spring is kind of like the introduction
obviously the summer and the fun bright
colors Christmas and all of that is so
much more fun when you're a kid and it's
um like I find it like less exciting the
older you get and just being an adult um
but this year I'm excited it's my first
year living away from my parents and so
this Easter we are going to go visit
them and have dinner with them and so I
got a few stuff to give to my younger
brothers and my little brother so I just
want to show you just fun simple things
that I got we got these gourmet
lollipops and they just look pretty and
the Bubblegum one seems really good in
the banana split so um I haven't tried
it yet Adams tried and he was a big fan
so maybe the gourmet part of it is just
way too look and not necessarily their
taste but we're looking forward to share
that all on Easter with everyone my
brother's I guess aren't really that
into chocolate which is weird but um we
found week and these are gummy bunny and
so it's just 16 ounces of like gummy
bear like kind of stuff but it's been a
bunny and
of course I've got regular for roche for
the adults because who doesn't like that
thing's best chocolate ever now we got
other just random fun things and just
jelly beans just because you have to
have jelly beans for for Easter and
they're just cute like to decorate until
then and again out of one of it we also
got these fun these are gum balls and
got strawberry flavor and the blueberry
flavor so it's not really good too um
another thing I really like and this is
just like a product and of course you
can use it in any season but the mac
fix+ and is just a kind of like a spray
you put on after your makeup after
you're done with your makeup it kind of
helps make it last longer but also kind
of makes you look dewy and fresh and you
can like spray it throughout the day so
like brides and stuff like love this
stuff and I really like it and I tend to
use it more only spring and summer
because in the fall I mean you kind of
where more matte colors and that doesn't
really melt i guess throughout the day
so this keeps your makeup on and even
like the warm like summer days and it
smells like spring i think it smells
like just fresh and you just feel
hydrated and even if your makeup you
feel like you need to touch up for you
just put this on in it you can feel like
we're back to normal again so that's
another one of my picks for spring i got
these at zara and i think they're like
kind of crazy but the top it goes with
and these are just little like silk
shorts and they have like pockets on
them and stuff and i know i got a small
but i think this extra small would have
been catered just because they're meant
to be like short and just kind of party
but then you wear it with like a loose
top and i don't have it here but it's
just kind of like a flowy like loose top
and um and then with like brown heels
like sandals and i just thought it was
really cute obviously not the shirt
because I know really look like based
funny
big weird but anyway so that's just my
spring and Easter Hall hope you're all
having fun hope you have fun plans with
family and loved ones okay so if you are
in the area and you want to come see me
at my salon please click the link and
get more information and yes I'll see
you in the next video please subscribe